README.md, before:

# Projects of Data Analysis

This repository is a series of notebooks of data analysis related projects using Python or R.

Some features like internal links, SVG are not rendered correctly in GitHub, so it's recommended to view it in nbviewer, a tool created by Jupyter community
for rendering a notebook hosted on GitHub.

Here is the list of projects and the corresponding nbviewer links:

## Python

- [Project 1: Exploring CIA World Factbook](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-1-cia-world-factbook-visualization.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-1-cia-world-factbook-visualization.ipynb)

- [Project 2: Finding the Most Popular Data Science Questions](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-2-popular-data-science-questions.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-2-popular-data-science-questions.ipynb)

- [Project 3: Analyzing Strategy Games on Apple App Store](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-3-mobile-strategy-games.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-3-mobile-strategy-games.ipynb)

- [Project 4: Visualizing U.S. Plug-in Electric Vehicle Sales](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-4-us-plug-in-electric-vehicle-sales.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-4-us-plug-in-electric-vehicle-sales.ipynb)

## R

- [Project 5: Understanding Worldwide COVID-19 Vaccination Progress](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-5-covid19-vaccination-progress.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-5-covid19-vaccination-progress.ipynb)

- [Project 6: Analyzing Forest Fires Data](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-6-forest-fires.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-6-forest-fires.ipynb)

- [Project 7: Exploring NYC High Schools Perceptions](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-7-nyc-high-schools-perceptions.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-7-nyc-high-schools-perceptions.ipynb)

## A/B Testing

- [Udacity A/B Testing Final Project: Free Trial Screener](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/AB-Testing/Udacity-AB-Testing-Final-Project.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/AB-Testing/Udacity-AB-Testing-Final-Project.ipynb)

Commit message:

Added google da capstone project

README.md, after:

# Projects of Data Analysis

This repository is a series of notebooks of data analysis related projects using Python or R.

Some features like internal links, SVG are not rendered correctly in GitHub, so it's recommended to view it in nbviewer, a tool created by Jupyter community
for rendering a notebook hosted on GitHub.

Here is the list of projects and the corresponding nbviewer links:

## Python

- [Project 1: Exploring CIA World Factbook](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-1-cia-world-factbook-visualization.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-1-cia-world-factbook-visualization.ipynb)

- [Project 2: Finding the Most Popular Data Science Questions](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-2-popular-data-science-questions.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-2-popular-data-science-questions.ipynb)

- [Project 3: Analyzing Strategy Games on Apple App Store](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-3-mobile-strategy-games.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-3-mobile-strategy-games.ipynb)

- [Project 4: Visualizing U.S. Plug-in Electric Vehicle Sales](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-4-us-plug-in-electric-vehicle-sales.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-4-us-plug-in-electric-vehicle-sales.ipynb)

- [Capstone Project of the Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate: Cyclistic Bike-Share Analysis](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/google-da-capstone-project-bike-share.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/google-da-capstone-project-bike-share.ipynb)

## R

- [Project 5: Understanding Worldwide COVID-19 Vaccination Progress](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-5-covid19-vaccination-progress.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-5-covid19-vaccination-progress.ipynb)

- [Project 6: Analyzing Forest Fires Data](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-6-forest-fires.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-6-forest-fires.ipynb)

- [Project 7: Exploring NYC High Schools Perceptions](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-7-nyc-high-schools-perceptions.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/project-7-nyc-high-schools-perceptions.ipynb)

## A/B Testing

- [Udacity A/B Testing Final Project: Free Trial Screener](https://github.com/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/AB-Testing/Udacity-AB-Testing-Final-Project.ipynb)<br/>
  [Click to view it in nbviewer](https://nbviewer.org/github/eeliuqin/data-analysis/blob/main/AB-Testing/Udacity-AB-Testing-Final-Project.ipynb)
